Document why currentUser might be null after mocking (#927)
redwoodjs/redwoodjs.com: docs/testing.md

We introduced `waitFor()` which waits for a render update before passing/failing the expectation. Although `findByRole()` will wait for an update, it will raise an error if the element is not found (similar to `getByRole()`). So here we had to switch to `queryByRole()`, but that version isn't async, so we added `waitFor()` to get the async behavior back.

> Note that even after setting with `mockCurrentUser()` the initial render of the component might have still have null `currentUser` from `useAuth()`. It is updated after `getCurrentUser()` with mock data has finished execution.

Reviewer: I wanted to just reword this a bit:

```suggestion
Note that even after setting with `mockCurrentUser()`, the initial render of the component might return `null` for the `currentUser` that you destructured from `useAuth()`. Once `getCurrentUser()` is executed, `currentUser` will be updated with the expected data.
```

> Note that even after setting with `mockCurrentUser()`, the initial render of the component might return `null` for the `currentUser` that you destructured from `useAuth()`. Once `getCurrentUser()` is executed, `currentUser` will be updated with the expected data.

Reviewer 2: @callingmedic911 what do you think of this?
```suggestion
The async behavior here is important. Even after setting the user with `mockCurrentUser()`, `currentUser` may be `null` during the initial render because it's being resolved. Waiting for a render update before passing/failing the exception gives the resolver a chance to execute and populate `currentUser`.
```

Author: This is way better! Thanks, @jtoar. Why is so hard for me to write I'm thinking. Hah!
